README.md, before:

# doom-coding
Tired of Doom Scrolling? Replace one addiction with the marginally healthier addiction of Doom Coding. Here's a 5-minute guide on how to use your smartphone to code anywhere at anytime.

# What You Need
1. A Computer running 24/7 with Internet Connection
2. A Smartphone

# Overview
Use Tailscale, Termius, Claude Code, and laptop to continue building anywhere you have Internet connection.

# Getting Started

## 1. Set Up Your Computer
- Disable sleep in power settings<br>
  <img width="480" height="282" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3305aaf1-046c-4505-89ba-2398d0601bf7" />
- Enable SSH/Remote Login<br>
  <img width="472" height="313" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b13ee636-ecec-4962-bf83-d32adc219809" />
- Install Tailscale and sign in<br>
  <img width="400" height="506" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f3d68264-0aa4-47a6-b7c9-2efe18bc3627" /><br>
  https://tailscale.com/download
- Install Claude Code on your laptop<br>
  https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/claude-code/overview

## 2. Set Up Your Phone
- Install Tailscale → Sign in with the same account<br>
  https://tailscale.com/download
- Install Termius (A Mobile Terminal Tool) <br>
  https://apps.apple.com/us/app/termius-modern-ssh-client/id549039908
- Note your MagicDNS address of your computer (e.g., my-computer.tailnet-name.ts.net)<br>
  <img width="400" height="365" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/39e3d25a-167b-466d-8113-a9d3c6abe450" />
- Create a new host in Termius:<br>
  * Label: What you want your connection to be called
  * Hostname: Your MagicDNS address (my-computer.tailnet-name.ts.net)
  * Port: 22
  * Username/Password: Your login for your computer <br>
  <img width="400" height="320" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5e0f0ea1-c59c-47d9-b85d-d51b4396c93d" /> <br>
  <img width="400" height="300" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0f796605-57f2-4264-abf0-20369efdf895" />



## 3. Connect and Code
- Turn on Tailscale VPN on your phone<br>
  <img width="400" height="245" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/03646788-619b-427e-8e47-5bf8219c1c36" />
- Tap your host in Termius<br>
  <img width="400" height="370" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/18d5a03e-acf7-4069-93c2-c67d45a25183" />
- Run `claude` and start coding <br>
<img width="400" height="400" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d92df1cd-570b-49b0-96f7-a5ce31644a6f" />

# Troubleshooting
- If you're not able to establish a connection from your phone via Termius to your computer:
## 1. Reset your Tailscale VPN
- Check your phone settings to make sure you are connected to the Tailscale VPN. <br>
<img width="400" height="227" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1b041eff-9001-4e41-8922-c7f3bcb368da" /> <br>
- Check the Tailscale app to make sure the Tailscale VPN is on. If your phone and doom coding computer does not show a green circle for connected, there is an issue with your Tailscale/Internet connection.
<img width="400" height="517" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e5da61ab-828d-4f40-920d-840306c284ed" />



## 2. Make sure your computer is ON and UNLOCKED
When disconnecting/reconnecting power, make sure you unlock the computer. 
# Best Practices
- Track your progress: End sessions by asking Claude to update CLAUDE.md with where you left off
- Preview websites: Go to your desired directory and start an HTTP server<br>
```
  python -m http.server 3005
```
  then visit http://your-machine.tailnet-name.ts.net:3005 in a browser on your phone<br>
  *Wherever you would use localhost:PORT to view an application, replace localhost with the machines MagicDNS from the Tailscale app (e.g. your-machine.tailnet-name.ts.net) *
- View Databases: Use the PostgreSQL app to troubleshoot databases on the go<br>
  https://apps.apple.com/us/app/postgresql-client/id1233662353

# Happy Doom Coding!

Too much screen time is probably a bad thing - but working code is for sure better than brain rot

Commit message:

Enhance README with 'Doom Coding' introduction
Expanded the introduction to 'Doom Coding' and added motivational examples of coding in various locations.

README.md, after:

# doom-coding
If you're addicted to your phone and addicted to coding, let me introduce you to "Doom Coding".

Instead of doom scrolling mindlessly on social media, you can use your smartphone, computer, and Claude Code to build on-the-go!

After this 5-minute setup guide, you'll be able to code anywhere at any time.

You can code in the air!<br>
<img width="400" height="316" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/38e4c29f-9793-4700-bb99-17e368400cc4" /> <br>

You can code on a run! <br>
<img width="400" height="316" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f5449004-0a76-44ee-9922-a5cce1423f93" /> <br>


You can code at the club! <br>
<img width="400" height="299" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f3d05c00-a47a-4ebe-8db3-1795a6a0798c" /><br>

Anywhere you have Internet connection, you'll be able to make progress on the projects you cared about. I am based in Philadelphia and was able to code build an MVP from my phone while traveling in Taiwan (check out www.friendlyr.ai to help shape the future of connection!)

Oh the places you will code! Happy coding my friends!


# What You Need
1. A Computer running 24/7 with Internet Connection
2. A Smartphone

# Overview
Use Tailscale, Termius, Claude Code, and laptop to continue building anywhere you have Internet connection.

# Getting Started

## 1. Set Up Your Computer
- Disable sleep in power settings<br>
  <img width="480" height="282" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3305aaf1-046c-4505-89ba-2398d0601bf7" />
- Enable SSH/Remote Login<br>
  <img width="472" height="313" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b13ee636-ecec-4962-bf83-d32adc219809" />
- Install Tailscale and sign in<br>
  <img width="400" height="506" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f3d68264-0aa4-47a6-b7c9-2efe18bc3627" /><br>
  https://tailscale.com/download
- Install Claude Code on your laptop<br>
  https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/claude-code/overview

## 2. Set Up Your Phone
- Install Tailscale → Sign in with the same account<br>
  https://tailscale.com/download
- Install Termius (A Mobile Terminal Tool) <br>
  https://apps.apple.com/us/app/termius-modern-ssh-client/id549039908
- Note your MagicDNS address of your computer (e.g., my-computer.tailnet-name.ts.net)<br>
  <img width="400" height="365" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/39e3d25a-167b-466d-8113-a9d3c6abe450" />
- Create a new host in Termius:<br>
  * Label: What you want your connection to be called
  * Hostname: Your MagicDNS address (my-computer.tailnet-name.ts.net)
  * Port: 22
  * Username/Password: Your login for your computer <br>
  <img width="400" height="320" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5e0f0ea1-c59c-47d9-b85d-d51b4396c93d" /> <br>
  <img width="400" height="300" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0f796605-57f2-4264-abf0-20369efdf895" />



## 3. Connect and Code
- Turn on Tailscale VPN on your phone<br>
  <img width="400" height="245" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/03646788-619b-427e-8e47-5bf8219c1c36" />
- Tap your host in Termius<br>
  <img width="400" height="370" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/18d5a03e-acf7-4069-93c2-c67d45a25183" />
- Run `claude` and start coding <br>
<img width="400" height="400" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d92df1cd-570b-49b0-96f7-a5ce31644a6f" />

# Troubleshooting
- If you're not able to establish a connection from your phone via Termius to your computer:
## 1. Reset your Tailscale VPN
- Check your phone settings to make sure you are connected to the Tailscale VPN. <br>
<img width="400" height="227" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1b041eff-9001-4e41-8922-c7f3bcb368da" /> <br>
- Check the Tailscale app to make sure the Tailscale VPN is on. If your phone and doom coding computer does not show a green circle for connected, there is an issue with your Tailscale/Internet connection.
<img width="400" height="517" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e5da61ab-828d-4f40-920d-840306c284ed" />



## 2. Make sure your computer is ON and UNLOCKED
When disconnecting/reconnecting power, make sure you unlock the computer. 
# Best Practices
- Track your progress: End sessions by asking Claude to update CLAUDE.md with where you left off
- Preview websites: Go to your desired directory and start an HTTP server<br>
```
  python -m http.server 3005
```
  then visit http://your-machine.tailnet-name.ts.net:3005 in a browser on your phone<br>
  *Wherever you would use localhost:PORT to view an application, replace localhost with the machines MagicDNS from the Tailscale app (e.g. your-machine.tailnet-name.ts.net) *
- View Databases: Use the PostgreSQL app to troubleshoot databases on the go<br>
  https://apps.apple.com/us/app/postgresql-client/id1233662353

# Happy Doom Coding!

Too much screen time is probably a bad thing - but working code is for sure better than brain rot
